I am huge and you never hear this from
people right but I am a huge Fleetwood
Mac fan and so happy to hear that you
guys are back together for this
what is it 47 City tour that's a lot a
lot how are things different when you
get on stage today then back in the day
it's a different time and we're we're
glad to be here at this point it's great
is there one song that you always have
to play that you just can't get off
stage without playing we have to do go
your own way we have to do the chain
secondhand news you know and it was
going Bissell does a chunk those songs
are what gave us the freedom to do what
we're doing now and to be able to have
solo careers and be able to go out and
do what we want an open restaurant
permit to have a fantastic what's
sweeter for you these days the food or
the music well I have to say the music
the work that we've done has allowed
wonderful freedoms the music really does
tell all the stories it sure doesn't
tell you stories for days but if you
listen to the music you really do get
what was happening Lindsay if I may you
said to me Stevie and I are still
working on things you'd think that we
would have somehow gotten through
everything and that there'd be nothing
else evolving at this point but oddly
enough there still is and I think
there's a sweetness to that how are
things today right now between the two
of you they're great I mean you know it
has not always been easy for either one
of us having been a couple back you know
in the early days there's nothing like
success to sort of shake things up I
think that was a catalyst for us
breaking up in many ways and yet through
all of that we both had to find our
better selves and continue to work
together continue to follow our destiny
we get the joy and we have the ability
and the gift of being able to go on
stage and still have our love affair
because you know we were for all
practical purposes married for a long
time he has a beautiful wife that I just
adore and three little kids that are
so very special and I get them all so
you know I get to have them too are you
still in touch with your friend Sheryl
Crow and is she doing okay through all
this Lance Armstrong stuff Sheryl is
very very strong and I'm just very glad
that I knew that that relationship
wasn't gonna work out I knew I know
Cheryl very well I knew it wasn't gonna
work out and now I know why
thank you for watching extra on YouTube
and for 24/7 updates on celebrity news
subscribe to our channel here like us on
Facebook here or follow us on Twitter
here and if you want your voice heard
leave a comment below we're right there
yeah